Stories
Create a new rails app called your-name-week5
Create a github repository called your-name-week5 and push all changes with good commit messages.
Use the database postgres. (rails new zach-klabunde-week5 --database postgresql)
Allow users to CRUD Locations and Events.
Locations have lots of events, events belong to a location.
Remember to push each set of changes with a good commit message.
Use bootstrap to make it look like gCamp.
Create Buttons are blue, delete buttons are red.
- Locations have:
  name,
  address,
  zipcode

-Events have:
  description,
  date,
  requires_id,
  a way to link them to locations
Views needed:
views/locations
 -index
 -new
 -show
 -edit

view/events
 -new
 -show
 -edit

Locations Index Page:

The root of the application should be locations index.
Use a table to present the locations data.
Location name should link to the Show page for that location.
Create Event link takes user to page to create a new event at that location.
Example Locations Index page:

link to Create Location.

name      | address       | zipcode |
Galvanize | 1062 Delaware | 80204   | Delete  | Edit  | Create Event
Industry  | 254 Spring    | 87122   | Delete  | Edit  | Create Event

Location Show Page:

Show page for Location should list all the events at that location.
Example Show Page with Events table:

link to Edit Location

name: Galvanize
address: 1062 Delaware
zipcode: 80204

Events:

description | date       | requires_id |
DinnerLab   | 2/15/2015  | true        | Edit  | Delete
Denver.rb   | 2/16/2015  | false       | Edit  |

Edit Location Page:

button to Update Location
button to Delete Location
Example:

name: Galvanize
address: 1062 Delaware
zipcode: 80204

Update Location  Delete Location


Event Show Page:

Event show page shows details of the event.
Example:

link to Edit Event

name: DinnerLab
date: 12/15/2015
requires_id: true

Delete Event

Example Event Edit Page:

name: DinnerLab
date: 12/15/2015
requires_id: true

Update Event   Delete Event
